It turns out that all this was planned by you long ago
You treat me like this
If Brother Hao knew, he would forgive you.
How discouraged is the emperor today?
It's okay, Prince Ben
I ask you
What happened here just now?
He wanted to strangle Princess Qi
Princess Qi had to fight back
Not me not you
Not you.
Did Ming Cui hurt herself?
He obviously started me first
How could he vomit blood just bumping into him?
What happened to you?
Why are you vomiting blood?
This king will give you an explanation for this matter
Fifth brother, what does it matter if he vomits blood?
He deserved it.
If he doesn't provoke Mingcui
Will Mingcui hurt him?
Brother Chu, you must give me an explanation today
King of Chu, he is committing a crime in public
He almost choked me just now, didn't he?
I said I will explain it.
reply
I think I know him.
Control him
I thought he would believe me for no reason
As a result, he tried me in his eyes
He looked at Yuan Qingling clearly distressed
This involves his woman
He was snubbed by his father
He was ridiculed by the loyal people of the civil and military officials
He actually feels sorry for him
Yunma, why are you so cheap?
Why so ruthless